## Dear Reader
Thank you for being you and for being here right now. I am forever grateful for you and your time.  **As a token of my appreciation, if you subscribe, comment, and/or contact me** in response to ANY article on my blog in a way that I can identify who you are, I will return the favor by participating in your ideas, thoughts, and dreams.  Today I bring my **most** vulnerable and authentic self.  Why? Because anything less would not be my best self.  About 4 months ago, I was diagnosed with ADHD.  This diagnosis ultimately released a part of my mind that was blaming myself for perceived failure and lack of growth.  This gave me the space to embrace my mind for what it is.  For what it has always been.  I am sharing the inside of my brain in it's purest form.  It's embarrassing, messy, intense, blunt, rude, unorganized, unfinished, and unfiltered.  It's me. It's always been me. I'm doing this because I think the world needs a leader who will **fight** for:
* Anyone who feels like they are misunderstood, misrepresented, and generally not heard
* Anyone who feels undermined, discounted, and marginalized.
* Anyone who struggles to articulate their vision and path to a better world 
Today, I take on this role by being 100% transparent in who I am to demonstrate courage, vulnerability, and curiosity.  I am bold and relentlessly curious.  My fight is with greed.  My heart is with humanity.  Step into my mind…watch your step!!

## Thought Summary (What’s the meaning to all this)
I wrote this section last in case I read back through and self doubted my ability to capture my intention of this entire thing. Yeah…I didn't capture it well.  My intention is to show what we can see for ourselves in our thought patterns by capturing them in their rawest form for later review, revision, and retrospection.  I captured a lot of good and a lot of noise (and a lot of whoa, what is that all about).  This is by design.  I'm using this as a social experiment that I have run publicly against myself as a way to open a constructive forum amongst my peers to objectively process raw thoughts to help inspire the idea of **open sourcing our minds** to foster understanding and empathy towards how we think.  In doing so I hope this can become a movement in our ability to capture the thoughts between the thoughts.  The "ah ha" moments will no longer have to be a personal endeavor but can be optimized by your community of peers.  We can begin to think together as a way to connect the dots for one another.  So as you read through this thought storm, read to understand, as the entire premise of this exercise is to:
* Be more transparent in our thinking to foster courage and vulnerability in being our true self
* To listen objectively to contribute and collaborate to how we think instead of defend our thoughts and values
* To challenge our own way of thinking to break out of the **prison of our own minds** that often is the cause to barriers in our relationships with the people we are connected with  

Please don't be alarmed by the content of this thought process.  I am ok.  I have found healing in this process and I am passionate about sharing it with others so we can find the healing we all need in our communication with one another.

